# YellowTask_Park

   Visiting National Parks has become one of this country’s most popular pastimes. This is unsurprising when considering the wide range of fun and relaxing activities that can be sought at these places, such as camping, hiking, and seeing wildlife in its natural habitat, not to mention the cultural significance each one plays by preserving historical sites, showcasing cultural heritage, and more. What many people may not realize is that there is a lot of work that goes into keeping these places safe, clean, and fun for visitors, but also preserving them in their natural form at the same time. There are several different jobs and tasks that need to be maintained in order to keep the park running, and it can oftentimes be hard to keep track of it all. That is where YellowTask_Park comes in.
   
   Named after the very first national park, Yellowstone, YellowTask_Park is designed to make all the important tasks that need to be done to keep that park up and running easier to keep track of. It does this by taking every employee in a maintenance job, and organizes them into an Excel file that shows their roles, availability, and other useful information. First, it requires each employee to log in with a username and a password before it displays the information associated with their account only. There is also an admin account that displays the whole sheet and can be used to edit it directly if need be. One other important feature is a checklist accessible from each account that shows tasks around the park that need to be done. This checklist may take the form of an extra column in the Excel file, and the admin account can assign the tasks to the corresponding employees, whereas the employees will only see the tasks assigned to them. Once they have completed those tasks, they can select the items on the checklist to add the word ‘done’ to the item, which serves as a signal for the admin to then confirm the task is done. The admin can then edit the list item depending on if the task is done or not.
   
   This will be a solo project in that only one person, me, will be working on it directly. I do intend to use inspiration from other sources, such as the options listed here, for the corresponding purposes:

 Task-Manager -> login and possibly task managing guidelines

 Student-Gradebook -> read/write to Excel

   I picked this topic because it is associated with my interest in the environment and my future career in GIS. I also wanted to pick a topic that was possible with the python techniques learned, but also decided to forgo the taught use of a textile for Excel, which is more suited to storing information. 
